README.md, before:

# TripleTen_projects
Projects I worked on while attending the Data Analysis TripleTen Bootcamp.


| Project number | Title | Description |
| :-----------: | ----------- |----------- |
| 1 | [Beta Bank: Churn of Customers](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Beta_Bank_customer_churn.ipynb) |  The project task was to analyze user data and forecast if the customers were planning to leave or not along with computing customer retention rate. |
| 2 | [Oil Drilling Geo Locations](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Oil_Drilling_Geo_locations.ipynb) |  The project task was to make a model to find the distribution of profit for 3 seperate geo locations that have potential for an oil mining company to develop a new well. |
| 3 | [Computer Vision](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Machine_learning_computer_vision.ipynb) | The project task was to create a model that can scan a photo and accurately identify someones age. |
| 4 | [Machine Learning for Texts](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Machine_Learning_for_texts.ipynb) | The project task was to train a model that reads text and automatically detects negative reviews. |
| 5 | [Taxi orders](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Taxi_orders_predicted_within_one_hour.ipynb) | The project task was to predict orders for the next hour of business for an Uber like taxi company. |
| 6| [Final Project](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Final%20Project.ipynb) |  The project task is to make models that show if charges directly correlate with churn rate. |

Commit message:

Revise project entries in README
Updated project list with new gold project final re arranged order

README.md, after:

# TripleTen_projects
Projects I worked on while attending the Data Analysis TripleTen Bootcamp.


| Project number | Title | Description |
| :-----------: | ----------- |----------- |
| 1| [Final Project]([https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Final%20Project.ipynb](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Gold%20Project%20final.ipynb)) |   investigating data and building models to show how efficient gold is being recovered from a gold ore. | 
| 2 | [Beta Bank: Churn of Customers](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Beta_Bank_customer_churn.ipynb) |  The project task was to analyze user data and forecast if the customers were planning to leave or not along with computing customer retention rate. |
| 3 | [Oil Drilling Geo Locations](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Oil_Drilling_Geo_locations.ipynb) |  The project task was to make a model to find the distribution of profit for 3 seperate geo locations that have potential for an oil mining company to develop a new well. |
| 4 | [Computer Vision](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Machine_learning_computer_vision.ipynb) | The project task was to create a model that can scan a photo and accurately identify someones age. |
| 5 | [Machine Learning for Texts](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Machine_Learning_for_texts.ipynb) | The project task was to train a model that reads text and automatically detects negative reviews. |
| 6 | [Taxi orders](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Taxi_orders_predicted_within_one_hour.ipynb) | The project task was to predict orders for the next hour of business for an Uber like taxi company. |
| 7| [Final Project](https://github.com/AJ3408/TripleTen-Projects/blob/main/Final%20Project.ipynb) |  The project task is to make models that show if charges directly correlate with churn rate. |
